{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1. What is a programming language?\
It\'92s how human\'92s communicate with computers \'97 it\'92s a way of interpreting or compiling \'91plain\'92 language into binary. \
\
2. What is the difference between a class and an object? \
An object is an instance of a class; a class is a category of objects with particular characteristics and behaviours. You and I are instances of the class Person. A destroyer is an instance of the class Battleship. \
\
3. What types do we have in Ruby? \
Types of data: floats, symbols, strings, fixnums, booleans, bignums\
\
4. How do you assign a value to a variable\
Using = , e.g. variable = \'93value\'94\
\
5. How would you join together two strings in Ruby? \
+ or .concat\
e.g. string_1 + string_2\
\
6. What method would you call on a string to get the number of characters in that string? \
.length\
\
7. How do you test if two objects are the same in Ruby? \
==\
\
8. What is control flow? \
Control flow is where a program responds to an input or condition in different ways. \
A way of branching through your code. \
\
9. What is the difference between using an \'91if\'92 statement and using a guard? \
Guard is a one line \'91if\'92, with condition at the end \'97 if/else statement is on several lines. \
Pretty sure you want to do it (so not checking a condition like you \
\
10. What is a function? \
Reusable chunk of code. \
\
11. What is a local variable? \
A local variable is encapsulated in the definition of a function \'97 only exists there. \
\
12. What is the difference between a parameter and an argument? \
Parameter is in the definition of a function, argument is the instance of a parameter that gets passed to a function, when called.\
\
13. What does DRY mean? \
Don\'92t Repeat Yourself\
\
}